First draft on Custom Properties (#84)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_various/customproperties.md

---
title: Custom Properties
permalink: /custom-properties/
published: true
date: 2020-03-16
---

For all pieces of geodata in MapsIndoors, you have the option of adding Custom Properties. They can be anything that makes sense for you in building your app.

An example:

You are an exhibitor that needs to associate some pieces of data with each exhibitor, like the sponsor level they are are on and what the size of their stand should be. You would create two Custom Properties, one called `sponsor_level` and another called `stand_size`. When building your app on top of our SDK, you could use these Custom Properties to assign a gold color to your highest paying sponsors' names, and a larger image because of their huge stand size.

> Your Custom Properties can only contain a-z letters and 0-9 numbers. Moreover, if your Solution has multiple languages, you must provide a translation per language for each Custom Property. Adding Custom Properties through the CMS, this will be done automatically for you. It will not, however, when adding them through the Integration API.

Reviewer: > Your Custom Properties can only contain a-z letters and 0-9 numbers

The value may contain any characters.

> Your Custom Properties can only contain a-z letters and 0-9 numbers. Moreover, if your Solution has multiple languages, you must provide a translation per language for each Custom Property. Adding Custom Properties through the CMS, this will be done automatically for you. It will not, however, when adding them through the Integration API.

Reviewer: > Adding Custom Properties through the CMS, this will be done automatically for you.

The CMS does not translate it. The key is the same in all languages, and they have to translate the value themselves.

---
title: Custom Properties
permalink: /custom-properties/
published: true
date: 2020-03-16
---

> For all pieces of geodata in MapsIndoors, you have the option of adding Custom Properties. They can be anything that makes sense for you in building your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have the option of adding Custom Properties to any piece of geodata within MapsIndoors. They can be anything that makes sense for you in building your app.
```

Author: Uff, much better. Thanks @nt-mapspeople!

An example:

You are a conference organizer that needs to associate some pieces of data with each exhibitor, like the sponsor level they are are on and what the size of their stand should be. You would create two Custom Properties, one called `sponsor_level` and another called `stand_size`. When building your app on top of our SDK, you could use these Custom Properties to assign a gold color to your highest paying sponsors' names, and a larger image because of their huge stand size.

> In general, your Custom Properties can contain any combination of letters, numbers and special characters. Moreover, if your Solution has multiple languages, you must provide a translation per language for each Custom Property. Adding Custom Properties through the CMS, we will help you do this, but you will need to input the translated names.

Reviewer 2: > Moreover, if your Solution has multiple languages, you must provide a translation per language for each Custom Property. Adding Custom Properties through the CMS, we will help you do this, but you will need to input the translated names.

I get what you're writing here, but I feel like it won't be clear what exactly we are helping with without any prior knowledge of the Custom Properties segment in the CMS. As I understand it we are essentially providing a quick template through the CMS that is especially convenient if you're dealing with multiple languages. Correct me if I am wrong @marksdk @jymaps . I would suggest writing something in the vein of...

```suggestion
In general, your Custom Properties can contain any combination of letters, numbers and special characters. Moreover, if your Solution has multiple languages, you must provide the necessary translations for each Custom Property. Adding Custom Properties through the CMS, we will provide a key and value pair for each language in your Solution, but you will still need to input the translated values.
```

Reviewer: Correct 👍

Reviewer 2: Here's another suggestion as I don't particularly like using key and value pair as this also requires some prior knowledge of the CMS...
```suggestion
In general, your Custom Properties can contain any combination of letters, numbers and special characters. Moreover, if your Solution has multiple languages, you must provide the necessary translations for each Custom Property. When adding a Custom Property through the CMS, a value input field will be provided for each language in your Solution allowing you to input the translated values directly in the CMS.
```

> You can also add Custom Properties through the Integration API with the exact same requirements and options as when adding via the MapsIndoors CMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also add Custom Properties through the Integration API with the exact same requirements and options as when adding them via the MapsIndoors CMS.
```
